Documents are contradictory for Update scan_acr.adoc (#643)
PaloAltoNetworks/prisma-cloud-docs: compute/admin_guide/vulnerability_management/registry_scanning/scan_acr.adoc

.. In the *Credential* field, configure how Prisma Cloud authenticates with ACR.
+

> You need to create a Service Principal with Reader Role and scoped for the subscription in order to scan the registry. You cannot use the Cloud Accounts added to Prisma Cloud even though they have the correct permissions. For more information see [credentials_store](/authentication/credentials_store)

Reviewer: Thank you @timberbee I've edited the text and fixed the link's syntax. 
```suggestion
To scan the registry, you need a service principal in Azure with the `Reader` role and scoped for your subscription. The Azure account you added to Prisma Cloud can't perform the scans even if they have the correct permissions. For more information, see xref:../authentication/credentials-store[credentials store]
```
